08.11.2017 intermediateResult concept does not work with recursion :-(

Problem:
I discovered a bug that occurs when a comparator (e.g. object comparator) is called recursive.
Then it reuses the intermediateResult-object which IS ALREADY IN USE AND IS ACCIDENTALLY REUSED.

Solution:
Always use fresh intermediate-result objects!
The safe-supplier field may not be a lazy field!



21:19 Some more thoughts about cycles


This cycle must be impossible   
(it compiles but it ends it a stackoverflow in the constructor):   

class A {   
    B b = new B();   
}   
class B {   
    A a = new A();   
} 

=> I do not need to consider that scenario.

However, this can happen:   
class EnumClass {    
    final EnumClass const1 = new EnumClass("1"); 
    final EnumClass const2 = new EnumClass("2");     
}   

The default object comparator would run into an infinite recursion (see 20171105.md) without cycle protection.
Cycle protection should not handle that because it can be handled in the DefaultObjectComparator:
When iterating over the fields, all fields with the same type as the object with the fields should    
a) be only compared by the equal comparator.
b) be ignored

I am not sure yet which option I should to chose.
I think I should give myself some days for more thoughts about it.

I also must think of:   
class C implements D {   
D d = new C();   
}   

21:35 Some more changes/thoughts:

1) I can kill the resetter. Reusing intermediate results makes no more sense when it prevents recursion.
2) Human-readable vs. Machine-readable comparison results:   
(E.g. Substring-based comparison result vs. field-based comparison result)    

Human-readable:   
date1: "Wed Nov 08 2017 20:[44]:15 GMT+0000"   
date2: "Wed Nov 08 2017 20:[12]:15 GMT+0000"   

Machine-readable 
date1: 1510173855514 
date2: 1510171935000
  
Makes only sense if two items    
a) can be presented as string      
b) follow a pattern or have a format    
  
3) Let's introduce a default-precomparator-function for a precomparator that can handle   
b) null-values   
a) identity   
c) cycles   

