24.10.2017 Some thoughts about the future

1) I need more demos. I wish at least one demo for every functionality.
The demos are an important part of the documentation.
 
2) The default comparator provider is too static with the if-clauses.
I would prefer a more dynamic solution that enables adding comparators in a flexible way.

3) I must make a final version of the default comparator provider.

4) The test cases for the string and collection comparator must be reworked.
They are not covering enough code lines and functionality. I do not rely on them.

5) I must write down my vision in detail:
JComparison enables the selective comparison between two datasets considering their structures.
JComparison knows about the structure by the definition of a "diff grammar".
A "diff grammar" is a grammar in sense of theoretic computer science 
but it also covers basic data structures such as lists, sets, maps, arrays.

6) I must find out how diff grammars look.

7) I must support inheritance of objects.
Comparing only fields of the common parent class is a solution.

8) I must study ANTLR to support grammars.

9) I want to support basic formats like JSON and XML

10) I also want to support comparison of java Types and byte code.

11) The collection comparators stay like they are.
Everybody who wants to use them should write an adapter that implements the data structure interface.

12) SubstringComporator must be made more general so that Lists are supported, too.

13) ArrayComparator must be made more general so that JTree and JTable can also be processed.

14) I will not think more about parallelization of the algorithms yet anymore.
It distracts me too much from implementing the basic algorithms.
